== Tophat

Tophat is an extremely lightweight and SEO friendly Javascript menu system that 
generates dynamic menus from simple and valid (X)HTML. Tophat is designed to be reliable,
easy to setup and easy to style. Tophat is SEO friendly because it does not hide any
of your menu information in Javascript variables, instead is reads it all from your
source HTML document where web-crawlers are also able to find it easily. Tophat works
in all major browsers.

Tophat works hard to play nice with your other Javascript and does not pollute the global
namespace or overwrite existing event handlers.

=== Installation

To install Tophat simply visit the {Github page}[http://github.com/aarongough/tophat] and
click the 'Download source' button at the top right-hand corner of the page, download the
zip file and then extract it in your site's root directory. All you need to do now is setup
your menu and you're done!

=== Menu Setup

To setup the menu system follow these steps:

1. Add the JavaScript and CSS tags to your template / source

    <script src="/tophat-menu/tophat-menu.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
    <link href="/tophat-menu/tophat-menu.css" rel="stylesheet" />
    
2. Setup your menu HTML like so

    <ul class="tophat_menu horizontal">
      <li class="no_submenu"><a href="/">Home</a></li>
      <li class="has_submenu"><span>Categories</span>
        <ul class="is_submenu">
          <li><a href="/cat/1">Category 1</a></li>
          <li><a href="/cat/2">Category 1</a></li>
          <li><a href="/cat/3">Category 1</a></li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li class="no_submenu"><a href="/logout">Logout</a></li>
    </ul>
    
3. You're done!

Note: You can also setup vertical menus using the 'vertical' class like so:

    <ul class="tophat_menu vertical">
      ...
    </ul>
    
=== Styling

To match the look and feel of your new menu to the rest of your project you will need
to change the 'tophat-menu.css' stylesheet. The stylesheet that is provided can be used
as-is or can be used as a template for your final look.

=== More Info

If you need more info, or have an issue to report please contact me at: {aaron@aarongough.com}[mailto:aaron@aarongough.com]

=== Author & Credits

Author:: {Aaron Gough}[mailto:aaron@aarongough.com]

Copyright (c) 2010 {Aaron Gough}[http://thingsaaronmade.com/] ({thingsaaronmade.com}[http://thingsaaronmade.com/]), released under the MIT license